# NFLabs
assignment for NFLabs

  Thursday was my interview day on NFLabs. NFLabs was one of the companies that I really wanted to enter but I heard that I didn’t get a chance to having an interview according to my school counselor. So when I was discouraged about not having an interview on your company, I got a phone call that I will get an opportunity to have an interview on Thursday morning. What I wanted to say is I’m sorry for the English resume and the interview was not prepared well. 
  
  Your company gave me really good impression to me. One of the best things was the friendly atmosphere of your company. When I first entered your company to have an interview, I was in confusion because I didn’t know the interviewers can only speak English. But, the kindness and familiarity of interviewers made me relax. Because one of interviewers sat down next to me, not in front of me, the position made me having a talk between the interviewers and me, not showering questions. After asking me a question they always were looking at my eyes while I was answering. In addition to their kindness, what I got impressed on your company was that they seemed to work in a free atmosphere. Interviewing position was also one of reason. Besides the position, it was amazing when I was listening to interviewers talking each other about their writing test experience while they were asking me about writing test experience during my interview. Also after the interview, they showed me around their company and we played table tennis. Another impressive scene was the table tennis table’s position. It was in the middle of the office not in the corner. What I thought was your company is thinking up convenience of employees. It was fantastic interview I had never had. If I will be the one to have internship on NFLabs, it would be nice opportunity for me to learn about using big data, open source and Apache Zeppline.
